Legendary Hunter; imageUrl; Unlock Cost; Description
The Night Acolyte; TheNightAcolyte.jpg; 300; Nadine Orville is a member of the doomsday cult, Night of the Hunter, and founder Isaac Powell's right-hand fighter. An Orphan with nothing to lose, she's a brute in a fight, made all the more frightening by the occult symbols drawn on her clothing in the blood of her victims.
Redshirt; Redshirt.jpg; 700; After having drunk too much whiskey one night, Jonathan Redshirt accepted a bet from his companions: to enter the bayou with a target on his back. If he made it out alive, the bet went, he'd be given the deeds to some land out west. Daredevil or fool? Only his tombstone will tell.
Carcass Gunrunner; CarcassGunrunner.jpg; 500; A butcher, clandestine arms dealer, and hobby apothecarist, Jason Trevors is a brutal Hunter, and known for being coldly logical and just unhinged enough that his opponents never know what to expect. A vital asset to the Hunter cause, Trevors could import any firearm from the world over without import tax, provided it fit into a carcass.
The Black Coat; BlackCoat.jpg; 500; William Durant is a Hunter, a scoundrel, and a murderer with a complicated past. Loyal solely to himself, and lacking any shred of honor, when his friends meet, his moniker is only spat out alongside promises of vengeance.
Sheriff Hardin; SheriffHarden.jpg; 500; During the early days of the infection, Sheriff Wayne Hardin was instrumental in halting the rapid spread of the infection. However, the inmates he recruited to be Hunters proved unreliable, and as events spiraled out of control, he found himself putting many of them back under arrest.
The Reverend; TheReverend.jpg; 700; As a young man, Reverend Ishim Gird came to the bayou to save the souls of the innocents. As the infection took hold, he witnessed his congregation tear each other apart in Healing-Waters Church. Barely escaping with his life, he vowed to rid the swamp of it's denizens.
The Night Seer; TheNightSeer.jpg; 300; Originally initiated into the Hunt by a small group of militiamen, Isaac Powell was changed by a vision of the impending end of the world and Second Coming. He founded Night of the Hunter, a Blood Cult whose members believe the blood of the creatures they hunt is holy, and adorn themselves with it in the believe that it will save them from death in this world, and buy themselves redemption in the next.
The Bone Doctor; TheBoneDoctor.jpg; DLC; Born in Senegal and brought to New Orleans as a slave, Doctor John was eventually freed and rose to prominence in the New Orleans Voodoo community, founding a chapter of Hunters with his most loyal followers. His ability to heal led to suspicions that he had caused the very plague he fought, though none who spoke against him survived for long.
Weird Sister; WeirdSister.jpg; DLC; Inspired by the healing powers of Voodoo King Doctor John, Cora Beukes became a Voodoo practitioner and was initiated into John's inner circle of devout Hunters. She is also closely connected to Marie Laveau, though the exact nature of the relationship is shrouded in mystery.
Llorona's Heir; Llorona.jpg; DLC; Much like the legend whose name she uses, Llorona earned her fearsome reputation by drowning her victims and haunting her enemies. Like a shade, she is fast and subtle, with both gun and knife.
The Phantom; ThePhantom.jpg; DLC; Gus Leroux: A former lawyer with a penchant for violence, this theatrical Hunter covers his scarred visage with a mask - not because he is ashamed of the injuries beneath, but because it terrifies his opponents.
Mountain Man; TheMountainMan.jpg; 700; Thomas Bridge was one of many Mountain Men to open up the American frontier. He turned his back on civilization after escaping a burning mill sieged by five hundred insurrectionists. Since, he can only sleep under a night sky and counts trapping, scouting and bounty hunting as his trades. An association with an unholy trinity almost ended his hunting career, although if anyone was to survive their company, it was Bridge.
Marshall Brewer; MarshallBrewer.jpg; 500; Phoebe Brewer, the first Louisianan woman to become a US Marshall, faced a terrible choice when she became a Hunter: to renounce a lifetime’s work. But, there was only one way into the AHA's inner circle, and only one way to fight the evil lurking there.It lost her an eye, her sobriety, and her public image, but her unknown legacy of fighting evil at its strongest was a price worth paying.
The Rat; TheRat.jpg; DLC; There are two kinds of people in the world, those living on the right side of the law, and those living on the wrong. Tona Ramirez was the second kind from birth. When she buried her father in an unmarked grave on the border, she took her inheritance: his nickname and a story of a man robbed of fortune. The Rat seeks that fortune now, and that search is what brought her to Louisiana.
The Researcher; TheResearcher.jpg; DLC; Harold Black's Journal, a collection of anatomical sketches, scientific observations and psychological evaluations, constitute, most of what the AHA know about their enemy. Black received little success until later in life, when a chance assignment sent it spiraling down a different path. His hodgepodge education, acquired on many walks of life, gave him the unique ability to see connections no one else could, and see reason where others only saw madness.
Zhong Kui; ZhongKui.jpg; DLC; Descendant of an ancient line of demon quellers, the man who now calls himself Zhong Kui is associated with the five bats, representing the five fortunes: longevity, wealth, health, virtue and peaceful death. Yet these are not a Hunter's fortune - only death - and the four bats represent the curse - and blessing - of death that awaits Zhong and his companion.
Dead Blessing; DeadBlessing.jpg; DLC; Though she does not speak of her past, her name speaks volumes of both her talents - and her fate. Though her journey to America with Zhong Kui was made the more perilous by bans on Chinese immigration, Louisiana Hunters were grateful for the duo's arrival, if not also intimidated in the field.
Redneck; Redneck.jpg;500; William Moses, proud proprietor of Moses Poultry, is anything but chicken.
The Archaeologist; TheArchaeologist.jpg; DLC; Elise Austin made her name trying to understand and protect the archaeological footprints of the Hopi people. This led her to the legend of the Destruction of Palatkwapi, a myth with which she became obsessed - to the detrment of her hard-won reputation. Drifting through the desert, a dream came to her: two children tumbling into black water. Recognizing the image's important, she followed it, like so many others, into the bayou.
Felis; Felis.jpg; 700; Accomplices to the devil, stealers of souls, and an ill omen – cats have long been associated with dark magic, and Nika Felis bears the skull of one feline adversary on her head as a warning to others that she has capabilities as powerful – and as dangerous. Rumored to be a shapeshifter, and a colleague of Doctor John.
Billy Story; BillyStory.jpg; Twitch Drop; Few who encountered this New Orleans “gentleman" would ever forget him – be it for his strange and extravagant dress, his raucous sense of humor, or the content of his infamous Blue Books.
The Revenant; TheRevenant.jpg; DLC; John Robertson wanted to be remarkable: to be a hero or, failing that to die one. In the end, he failed at both: unceremoniously shot through the heart during a poker game, he found himself at that crossroads, though he would prove to be one of the few to choose the road back to life, guided by the chanting of the Night Speaker.
Ronin; Ronin.jpg; DLC; Inuta Bakin had barely sworn his oath of allegiance before the Tokugawa shogunate was disposed. Without a master, he has wandered further than most Ronin, seeking the power to take revenge. Something of a traditionalist, he dresses and fights in a style stretching back centuries, but still effective: his leering Oni mask has been the last sight of many to fall in the bayou.
Skinflint; Skinflint.jpg; Christmas 2020 Reward; One dreary winter's night Timothy Stone bore witness to three strange apparitions, each bearing portents of his past, present, and future. Whether real or an invention of his warped mind, the experience convinced Stone to pledge his life to the AHA, where he would be known for being slow to his wallet but quick to his rifle. Ever the accountant, his ledger now contains a reckoning of the souls he has removed from his Earth.
Carter; Carter.jpg; DLC; William Carter was a sharpshooter, and the inventor of many a curious new attraction for the Wild West Shows he starred in. Ever the showman, he fictionalized most of his life story, and though no one knows his true origins two things are clear: he’s a fearsome shot with an extravagant sense of humor – and adventure.
North Star; NorthStar.jpg; DLC; A student of mythology and a master of the Five Forms, Chen Lan answered the call for aid from the American Hunter’s Association, eager to gain knowledge that might aid the fight on her home turf. She keeps silent about the details of her journey from the Fujian province to New Orleans, though her skill with a gun and fondness for violence speaks volumes about the red trail she cut from East to West.
The Sovereign; TheSovereign.jpg; DLC; An expert strategist and sniper of otherworldly skill, Xiao Feng left Fujian province with his hunting partner, Chen Lan, crossing the globe in a sweep of bloody encounters over land and sea. Rumors of the duo’s deadly skill preceded their arrival in New Orleans, and they were welcomed into the fold of the AHA with reverence befitting the highest nobility.
Plague Doctor; PlagueDoctor.jpg; As the Crow Flies Reward; The Plague Doctor, it's rumored, lost his mind fighting a resurgent outbreak of the Black Plague abroad. A burning rage took hold of him and drove him to the old ways: first to masks, ambergris, and laundanum, then to cabalistic ritual and macabre science. Convinced that New Orleans represents a new evolution of the pestilence, he arrived to treat it with fire, lead, and his own array of ministrations.
The Prodigal Daughter; TheProdigalDaughter.jpg; DLC; Stories about her mother's heroism as a Union spy during the Civil War were Sarah Burton's only inheritance. So after the funeral, she donned her mother's uniform, setting out to live up to that example, and avenge the cruel circumstances of her mother's death. In the Bayou, Burton found what she sought - and her only chance for atonement.
Hail Mary; HailMary.jpg; 900; In Holy Communion, Mary Burgess had her first taste of blood. In defense of her convent, her second. And in the Bayou, her third, where she - disgraced and excommunicated - dedicated her righteous fury to spilling the unholy blood of the corrupted, in hopes of fighting her way back to the light.