Rank, Name, imageUrl, Cost, Description
1, Adrenaline, adrenaline.jpg, 1, Instantly start regenerating Stamina while your Health is critically low.
1, Bloodless, bloodless.jpg, 4, Bleeding will not escalate from light to medium or intense bleeding. (i.e. any bleeding you incur will only ever be light bleeding).
1, Conduit, conduit.jpg, 4, Get a health and stamina boost when picking up a Clue Rift or Bounty token.
1, Greyhound, greyhound.jpg, 4, Sprint at full speed for a longer duration. (Roughly doubles the duration).
1, Hornskin, hornskin.jpg, 3, Reduce damage taken from blunt melee by 25%.
1, Magpie, magpie.jpg, 1, Receive a short effect similiar to that of either the Antidote Shot Stamina Shot or Regeneration Shot when picking up a Bounty Token.
1, Packmule, packmule.jpg, 3, Receive an additional tool or consumable when looting players or opening item boxes.
1, Salveskin, salveskin.jpg, 5, Reduces fire damage and burn speed by 25% even when downed.
5, Determination, determination.jpg, 3, Stamina recovery starts sooner. (Applies to both melee and sprinting stamina).
7, Iron Repeater, ironRepeater.jpg, 2, Remain in iron sights after firing a shot while using lever-action rifles. (Applies to all scope-less Winfield lever-action variants including shotguns).
11, Assailant, assailant.jpg, 2, Increases melee damage of throwing knives and throwing axes.
13, Bolt Thrower, boltThrower.jpg, 3, Reduced reload time for crossbows.
14, Levering, levering.jpg, 3, Faster rate of fire from the hip when using lever-action weapons. (Applies to all Winfield lever-action variants including shotguns).
15, Mithridatist, mithridatist.jpg, 3, Drastically reduces the time needed to recover from poisoning.
16, Bulwark, bulwark.jpg, 2, Reduce the damage from explosions and Bomb Lance harpoon attacks by 50%.
17, Fanning, fanning.jpg, 7, Faster rate-of-fire when using 1-handed single-action pistols.
19, Ghoul, ghoul.jpg, 4, Killing Grunts at close-range restores a small amount of health. (25m range and restores 5 health).
21, Gator Legs, gatorLegs.jpg, 2, Walk and sprint faster in deep water. Also make less noise while crouched in water.
23, Deadeye Scopesmith, deadeyeScopesmith.jpg, 1, Remain in scope view after firing a shot while using any weapon with a short scope (Deadeye variants).
25, Silent Killer, silentKiller.jpg, 5, Reduces the sound you make when performing melee attacks.
27, Lightfoot, lightfoot.jpg, 5, Vault jump fall and climb ladders silently.
28, Serpent, serpent.jpg, 4, Using Dark Sight interact with nearby Clues Rifts Banishable Targets and abandoned Bounty from a safe distance. (25m range).
29, Physician, physician.jpg, 5, Reduce the time needed to bandage. (With the First Aid Kit).
31, Steady Aim, steadyAim.jpg, 3, Weapon sway gradually lessens when you're looking through the scope of a rifle. (Applies to any 3-slot rifle with a scope or aperture sight).
33, Steady Hand, steadyHand.jpg, 2, Weapon sway gradually lessens when you're looking through the scope of a pistol or a stock-less weapon. (Applies to 2-slot weapons with a scope).
35, Marksman Scopesmith, marksmanScopesmith.jpg, 2, Remain in scope view after firing a shot while using any weapon with a medium scope (Marksman variants).
38, Vigor, vigor.jpg, 4, While in Dark Sight doubles the rate at which Health and Stamina regenerate.
38, Whispersmith, whispersmith.jpg, 2, Reduces noise when selecting equipment.
39, Frontiersman, frontiersman.jpg, 8, Carried tools can be used one extra time.
41, Beastface, beastface.jpg, 3, Reduced reaction range of animals (doesn't affect monsters like Hellhounds).
43, Decoy Supply, decoySupply.jpg, 1, Restock all types of decoys from ammo crates.
44, Ambidextrous, ambidextrous.jpg, 3, Quicker reloading of matched pairs and custom clip reloads for semi-auto pistol sets.
45, Tomahawk, tomahawk.jpg, 1, Melee weapons found in the world can be thrown.
47, Iron Sharpshooter, ironSharpshooter.jpg, 3, Remain in iron sights after firing a shot while using bolt-action rifles. (Applies to all scope-less bolt-action rifles including Vetterli Berthier Lebel and Mosin variants excluding the Mosin Avtomat).
49, Blade Seer, bladeSeer.jpg, 2, Bolts arrows throwing axes and throwing knives are highlighted in Dark Sight for better visibility. (25m range line of sight required).
51, Quartermaster, quartermaster.jpg, 6, Can equip a medium slot weapon in addition to a large slot weapon.
55, Pitcher, pitcher.jpg, 6, Increased throwing range for all items using the aim helper. (Roughly 50% increased range).
57, Bulletgrubber, bulletgrubber.jpg, 6, Recover the unfired round when performing partial reloads. (Applies to Bornheim Dolch Lebel Mosin Berthier Specter and Terminus variants).
59, Poacher, poacher.jpg, 1, Place and disarm traps quietly.
60, Hundred Hands, hundredHands.jpg, 3, Increases the damage of a Hunting Bow shot at full draw by 10%. Also reduces sway whilst at full draw.
61, Dauntless, dauntless.jpg, 1, Thrown explosives can be defused when interacting with them (3m interaction range).
63, Kiteskin, kiteskin.jpg, 1, Reduce damage from falling by 50%.
65, Iron Devastator, ironDevastator.jpg, 2, Remain in iron sights between shots using pump-action shotguns. (Applies to Winfield Slate and Specter 1882 variants).
67, Dewclaw, dewclaw.jpg, 2, Enhances the melee attack of a bow and arrow.
69, Necromancer, necromancer.jpg, 4, Using Dark Sight revive a downed partner from a distance at the cost of a small amount of health. (25m range costs 25 Health).
71, Vulture, vulture.jpg, 3, Always be able to loot dead Hunters- even after they have been looted by other players.
73, Doctor, doctor.jpg, 8, Doubles the amount of Health restored by First Aid Kits.
77, Sniper Scopesmith, sniperScopesmith.jpg, 3, Remain in scope view after firing a shot while using any weapon with a long scope (Sniper variants).
84, Poison Sense, poisonSense.jpg, 1, You can see nearby poisoned Hunters while in Dark Sight. (50m range).
87, Vigilant, vigilant.jpg, 2, Nearby traps are highlighted in Dark Sight. (25m range).
9, Resilience, resilience.jpg, 2, Get revived with up to 100 Health.